It's not what
it looks like, mama.
Actually, mandy,
it's exactly what
it looks like.
What's gonna happen
to us?
If you're smart,
you'll say nothing.
Please don't go.
There has been
no one but you.
Hannah: If joe were alive,
he would have contacted you.
Maybe there was a reason
that he couldn't.
The fbi raided
a follower
safe house,
Killed 5 people,
arrested a sixth.
The ones from
the subway are
still out there.
Man on tv: Killer twins.
That's the breaking
news today...
You guys have been made.
It was inevitable.
...Eluded authorities
at a charity gala,
Where they brutally stabbed
a male guest.
Carlos: It's emma.
She keeps calling.
Hello?
Meet me in person.
Just come alone.
Whoa, whoa. Stop.
What are you doing?
Is joe alive?
Yes.
So you planned
these murders to
Lure joe out
of hiding.
Judy:
Mandy, stab him!
Stab him, honey.
Do it!
I'm sorry, mama,
but I can't let joe go.
Ryan: I have to
say good-bye.
-Why?
-For your own safety.
Ryan: What train is that?
Mike: Express train.
Why didn't she
get on it?
Lily's lying.
She's in on it.
Mike on radio: 10-0.
Lily might be compromised.
Ryan: Why go through
so much trouble
to get close to me?
Lily: You're important
to joe, so you're
important to me.
I see why joe's
so drawn to you.
Good-bye, ryan.
Luke: What happened?
Just drive, dear.
Yes, mother.
Of course.
Mandy, voice-over:
I believe in you, joe.
Girl: I want
chocolate milk!
That's how you want to
spend your sugar allowance?
Chocolate milk!
Ok. It's your choice.
Slow down there, monkey.
[giggling]
Good morning!
Woman: Hi, jana!
She looks nice.
Yes.
Yes, she does.
Hey! Where did you
get that sucker?
The man.
Who?
Did you go
in the cabinet?
Where's billy?
Andrea, did you take
him out?
Where's your brother?
The man did.
Honey, what man?
The man who talks
funny.
Uh, andrea honey,
look at me.
Where's billy?
Andrea!
Honey? Billy?
Billy? Billy?
Billy?
Billy, honey?
Bill--
Please don't
hurt my son!
Children are such
precious gifts,
Aren't they, jana?
[clang]
Joe, you're alive!
Joe! Ohh!
Where have you been?
Lily gray is
the primary suspect
In the murder
of two federal agents
At her soho art gallery.
We also are now viewing her
as a person of interest
In the recent
subway slayings.
Tell us about the raid
in burlington.
Is she linked to that
group at all?
We have yet to confirm
that connection.
The raid resulted
in 5 casualties
and one arrest...
Have you eaten?
You need to eat.
No. I'm good.
Mendez: ...Asking
the public at this time
If you know any--
Why was she
targeting you?
I'm the guy that
brought joe down.
But if she's
a part of it,
Why would she
put herself
in the subway?
She made herself
the victim to get
close to me.
Those were superficial
wounds, max.
She knows my background,
she knows my history
with the case,
How I get too attached
to the victims.
Sarah fuller,
claire matthews.
She was playing a part.
This woman has no
violent history,
No record, not even
a traffic ticket.
She's an art dealer.
Why would
she do this?
To lure him out.
Who? Luring who out?
Joe carroll because
he's still alive.
Well, if that's
what's happening,
Then you need
to prove it.
How can I help?
Oh, no. Uh-uh.
Fbi is all over me.
I'm being trailed.
They know you've
been helping me,
So they're watching
you, too--
Our cell phones,
our online activity.
Ryan, I work
at the nypd
intel division,
I trained with
the best cia techs
at the academy.
Do you honestly
think that they
can trace anything
I do online?
Yeah, I do.
Well, maybe
they can,
But it will take
them 6 months.
I know how
to bury it,
And pick up some
disposable phones--
You don't even believe
joe is alive.
I'm skeptical.
There's a difference.
I can't let you
lose your job over me.
I'm not gonna
lose my job,
And so what
if I did?
You, aunt jenny
in boca, and me.
That's
the hardy clan.
That's all there is.
There's no one else.
You know, um,
until last year,
We hadn't
said 5 words
to each other
Since my dad died,
And I feel like
you and me,
Dad would have liked
this version of us.
So you don't get to
decide what I do.
If something happened
to you,
That would end me.
Now you know
how I feel.
Woman: Come on, hannah.
What about emma hill?
What can you tell me
about emma hill?
Do you know lily gray?
Tell me what you know
about lily gray.
Is emma hill
with lily gray?
Are they together?
7 hours.
That's the best it got.
She'll break
eventually.
All right.
What about lily gray?
Well, we've only
had a few hours,
But here's what
we know.
Lily gray was
born in denmark.
She was orphaned
at a young age.
She was taken in
by martin jansen,
A wealthy businessman
who died when lily
was in college.
Now she's the sole
beneficiary.
She inherited all
businesses, properties,
holdings,
All on the up and up.
This woman is
a millionaire?
Billionaire.
Estimated
net worth 1.4.
Hopkins, what else
you got?
Her assets are controlled by
banks in belize and anguilla.
You now how helpful
their privacy laws are.
Now money is
not the most
interesting thing
About this woman.
Hilda barkov,
a russian
housekeeper
Who maintained
her father's
estates,
She died giving
birth to twin boys.
Lily's gray's
the adoptive mother?
Lawrence: There's
no record of adoption.
There's no record
of the boys after
their birth.
Well, hoe does one
raise twin boys
And nobody knows
about it?
Did you guys interview
everyone in her life?
Yes. Those closest
include her gallery
assistant kimmy lee.
Surprisingly stupid.
She knows a great deal
of nothing.
And her business
partner david roland,
Who was released
from the hospital
this morning.
All right. Well, the twins
attacked him at the gallery,
But that does not
rule out his involvement.
He lawyered up.
Doesn't want to
come in voluntarily.
Court order's
in the works.
Lily: It's a late season.
Everything's
still so green.
I missed
this place.
How long do we
have to stay here?
Don't be
a downer, dear.
I'm not a downer.
I'm being realistic.
We don't even know
that joe's gonna call.
He'll call.
I'm more concerned
we have the proper
response when he does.
You shouldn't have
killed carlos.
Yeah. It's
all my fault.
We need to provide joe
with a sense of security, ok?
Can emma hill
be trusted?
Talk to mark.
He's convinced
We traded a pawn
for a queen.
Mark: Mom!
Oh, sweetie! Oh!
You ok?
Careful. My arm.
Oh, sorry.
Oh, baby.
I missed you so much.
Where's giselle?
I thought she was
coming with you.
Oh, no.
She's back in town
taking care of david
Since luke
failed to do so
at the museum.
Actually, mark failed
to do so, mother.
Really?
I specifically remember
tasking you with that.
Why's david so important?
He doesn't know
anything.
Well, I'd rather
the fbi not question him,
But let's leave giselle
to that, hmm? Yeah?
-Yeah.
-Good!
Lily: We're here!
Yeah. Finally!
Sami, jamel...
[speaking french]
It's been too long.
Ohh! He speaks english!
Very good.
Radmila...
[speaking russian]
Me, too. So are we liking
the states?
Yeah? Is it everything
I promised it would be?
Oui, oui.
You kids!
You bring me
so much joy.
Emma.
Hi.
Why are you
hiding back here?
Come! We are so privileged
to have you with us.
I'm sure you're
a little overwhelmed,
But this is my family,
And you're so welcome.
You're so welcome here.
You're pretty.
Oh.
Your house is pretty.
It's so big.
What do you want
to play now?
Let's play wedding.
Um, ok.
Mandy's a sweet girl.
Her skirt's too short.
It's not proper at all.
Well, she comes from
a home of few resources
And even fewer
proper role models.
Her mom?
Sadly no longer with us.
Joe, I was here,
I waited,
And you
never showed.
I took a detour.
A detour? Roderick
said that you were
gonna come to me.
I had it all set up.
What happened?
Look. It's--it's
a very long story, jana,
And I assume we're
on limited time. Yes?
I know what you
came for.
Woman on tv: Who is lily gray?
That is the question
authorities are asking
This morning as she
remains at large.
Considered armed and dangerous,
Miss gray killed
two federal agents
And eluded authorities
At her soho gallery yesterday.
From well-respected art dealer
to murder suspect,
Miss gray is now believed
to be involved
In the recent carroll cult
murder spree.
However, our sources tell us
that the fbi is still struggling
To find miss gray's connection
to carroll
And his former cult members,
But we do know is that
death toll continues to
rise in new york city,
And miss gray is
a wanted fugitive.
Anyone with any inforamation
regarding miss gray
Should contact--
Someone out there?
Authorities also
continue to search
For the still unnamed
twin brothers,
Who are believed to be
responsible for several
of the recent mudrers.
While joe carroll has been
dead for over a year now,
It has become
painfully apparent
To the people of new york city
that his legacy lives on.
We will continue to unravel
more of the mystery
That is lily gray
And will bring you the latest
on this breaking story.
Woman: If you want
david's cooperation,
show me your warrant
Or grant him
full immunity.
And if a killer
gets away
in the meantime,
That's ok with you?
Have whoever's bring
the warrant take 8th.
Less traffic
this time of the morning.
[cell phone ringing]
Ryan.
I'm at david roland's
place.
Fbi know
you're there.
Well, they're tailing me,
so, yeah,
But they didn't
invite me here.
I'm watching roland's
lawyer stonewall mendez.
Yeah? So?
I don't think
he's inside.
Can you do me a favor?
Already on it.
Ok. David roland has
a house in sag harbor.
Nypd and fbi are
en route.
No. Too easy.
Check his attorney
lisa withers' credit card.
See if she rented
a room anyplace.
All right.
That will take a minute.
I'll call you back.
Ok.
Hey. How's it going, fellas?
Sneakers today. Cool!
Woman on tv: Lily gray is
the primary suspect
In the murder
of two federal agents
At this soho gallery.
What are you doing
here, giselle?
Lily sent me.
Ah. Where is she?
Is she ok?
They're saying some
horrible things
about her.
They're calling
her a killer.
I know.
Well, I'd like to
speak with her.
She needs a lawyer
to help clean up
this mess.
She should sue them
for what they're
saying about her.
She appreciates
your concern.
What are you doing?
What is that?
Sit.
You're hurt.
No. Why are
you here?
Lily does not wish
you to suffer.
Please take this.
You'll sleep.
I don't know what
you're talking about,
But I am not
taking those.
What the hell is that?
No, no, no, no.
Ohh! Aah! Ohh!
Aah! Aah!
Aah!
[gagging]
[cell phone ringing]
Hey. Lost my tail.
You find anything?
No. No credit card
activity
For his attorney
lisa withers.
Check her
property records.
Yeah, I did. She has
a second property
At 92nd and york.
She rents it out.
It's
currently vacant.
Get me an address.
Will do.
Hey. Be careful.
Mike weston, fbi.
Yeah. I know
who you are.
Can we talk?
I'm a little busy.
It'll just take
a minute.
I'll take that.
Thanks.
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Make it fast, agent.
I know what
you're doing.
I guess we're done
with the small talk.
You think you're
helping your uncle,
but you're hurting him,
And you're interfering
with a federal investigation.
Do you have
any evidence?
We both know you're
smarter than that.
In other words,
you can't prove it.
I've seen ryan's shrine
to all things joe carroll.
Are you of the opinion that
carroll's alive, as well?
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Yeah, you do.
Now I have tried,
but I can't seem to
get through to him.
If you care about him,
if you care about your career,
You'll stop.
Are you
threatening me?
Look. I'm ryan's friend.
If I wasn't,
I'd be talking
to your captain right now.
Want to talk to him?
He loves the fbi.
Look. This is
about revenge for ryan.
Now he's hurt
and traumatized,
And he is grieving
over claire,
But you and I both know
joe carroll is dead.
Are you gonna be ok
when ryan gets
himself killed?
I know death runs
in the hardy family--
Ok. We're done.
I'm trying to help.
It was good to
meet you, max.
[door slams]
Emma.
Emma, I want you
to know you're
safe here.
It's beautiful,
isn't it,
Peaceful, scenic?
See that dramatic
contrast between
shadow and light?
It's a wonderful
place to paint.
It really is.
I understand
you're an artist.
Not really.
Maybe we
can change that.
I want us
to be friends.
Because when joe calls,
you want me to tell him
that it's safe here.
I want you to tell
him the truth.
What is the truth
exactly?
Ask me anything
you want.
Can you tell me
anything about joey?
Your son is deep
in witness protection
with his grandmother.
There's no way we can
find an address then?
I'll keep trying.
I'll get something.
I always do.
I held onto it.
Money, credit card,
I.D.S,
Everything you needed
to start your new life.
I assume you still
have access
To certain information.
Of course.
Someone's
reached out to me.
A follower?
The murders
in new york.
Only a slight few
know how to leave
a message for me.
I need to know if it's
safe for me to answer.
Emma: You have
quite a diverse family.
Discards from
across the globe,
Kids whom no one
wanted,
Displaced by
violence or neglect.
I used to be
one of them.
You?
My father killed
my mother,
And then he took
his own life
when I was a child.
My mother was
a maid,
And he was convinced
I was the progeny
Of her wealthy employer
martin jansen.
He thought
they had an affair.
Was it true?
Maybe.
After they died,
martin took care of me,
Sent me to
the best schools,
Bought me anything
I desired,
But he was--
he was never a parent.
I think you know
what that's like,
To grow bereft
of a parent's love.
You've done
your research?
I know your mother
didn't love you
The way you
needed her to.
That's behind me.
I think she didn't
see your strength,
Your intelligence,
your beauty.
If I had a daughter
like you,
I'd...I'd honor her.
Why have you been
looking for joe?
Do you know him?
I feel like I do.
Early on, I could see
that luke and mark
were different,
And other mothers
might have tried
to change that,
But I chose to love them
for exactly who they are,
And I surrounded them
with a family
Of like-minded souls.
That's what joe did
for us.
That's why I feel
so connected to him, to you.
Isn't that really
all you need to know?
[ding]
[tires squealing]
[camera phone clicking]
[cell phone ringing]
[ring]
Hello?
Emma?
Yes.
It's--it's emma.
Joe, it...
It's true. It's you.
It's true.
I've missed you,
emma.
You shouldn't stay
on too long.
Tell him
the meeting place.
Emma, who is that?
Is it safe?
These people
on the news,
These--these twins,
This lily gray,
are they friends, emma?
It's safe.
Come back to me, joe.
[siren blips]
Get hopkins
on this laptop.
I want everything
on it.
Yes, ma'am.
Let me know
if you find it.
Yep. I'm gonna track
traffic cams going
South on 2nd ave.
Running plates now.
I'll call you.
New phone?
Yeah. I lost
my other one.
Hey. Maybe it's
with those
two agents
I keep losing.
Right. So that was
lily gray's people
Tying up loose ends?
And did you see
anything?
Nope.
Well, please know I'm
smiling on the inside.
Why's that?
Man: Ryan hardy,
please put your hands
behind your back.
You have the right
to remain silent.
Anything you say
can and will be used
against you.
You have the right
to an attorney.
If you cannot afford
an attorney,
One will be
appointed for you.
Do you understand
these rights?
Luke, you'll take
emma to meet joe.
I should go.
And besides, who's gonna be
more welcoming to joe--
Me or luke?
He's more
of a people person.
I can do this.
Trust me.
I'll meet him,
and I'll bring him
straight here.
It's not you, honey,
that I don't trust.
It's emma.
She's a difficult read.
She won't mess this up.
She wants joe
Just as much
as we do.
Did you hear her?
"come back to me, joe"?
She thinks this is
all about her.
No. She was emotional.
We reveal our true selves
when we're
In the throes
of emotion, dear.
Can you help me?
I didn't mean to
cut you so deeply
in the subway.
Scars make us
more interesting.
It's sexy, no?
I don't like this.
Ok. All right.
Carroll: You don't
have to do this
for us, jana.
This way you won't
have to stop
along the way.
They have
surveillance cameras
everywhere these days.
Hey, hon.
You like apples?
They're ok.
Got any candy?
The apples will do
just fine.
Jana, tell me
about corbin.
Corbin?
Yeah, the original
plan before roderick
Found havenport.
Well, it's still
there as far
as I know.
It's been a while.
I have
roderick's file.
Let me get it.
Ok. Thank you.
You're very quiet.
You ok?
Miss jana has been
so nice.
Yeah.
I like her
and her family.
Yeah.
Have you been thinking
about your mama, hmm?
I'm ok.
Yeah?
You're
my family now.
Heh.
Are you gonna kill
miss jana?
No, no. Why would
you think that?
You got what you
came for, right?
Nobody is supposed
to know you're alive.
You have to.
Mandy...
Your mama was
a threat to us,
And that is why
she had to die.
Now miss jana
wants to help us.
She's our friend.
You do see
the difference,
don't you?
I guess.
You know, mandy,
death is a...
It's a precious gift.
It can't be given
indiscriminately,
Or it loses its value,
And we lose
the great privilege
of offering it.
Your mama, she gave us
no choice.
Jana: Here's what I have.
Um...There are
several contacts,
But I have no idea
if they're still valid.
This was all
roderick's doing.
No. Of course.
Thank you.
Jana: Ok. Um...
Thank you
for everything, hmm?
I'm here for you
when you need anything.
Oh. You've been
so good to me. Thank you.
Hey. Take care
of this one.
Ok.
Here. Here.
Ok. Here. Heh.
Ryan: Leave me a message,
and I'll call you back.
Where are you?
I found the car.
It's parked outside
grand central station.
I have traffic cam video
of a woman leaving it.
5'5", white, brown hair.
It looks like she's gone.
Call me back.
Hi. Can I have
a table, that one
over there?
-Sure.
-Thanks.
Ryan: It's like
I told you.
I knew the lawyer
would be
stonewalling,
So I went
from there.
The york avenue
apartment was
easy to find.
Are we keeping you?
Mr. Hardy--
You can call me
ryan.
Mr. Hardy,
what would you do
If you were
in my position?
Do I slap
your wrist again,
Or do I bring
the d.A. In here
And officially book you?
Uh...The first one.
This new cult,
this fan club
of joe carroll's,
Seeks fame in the worst
possible way.
They are not done
with you.
They will kill you.
Probably.
Have a nice day.
Oh. We wanted
to hold you.
Director franklin thinks
you're more valuable
If we follow you.
Yeah.
Good luck with that.
New phone.
Yeah. I lost
my other one.
Really? You mean,
this one?
We found it
in a taxi if you
want it back.
No. I'm good.
Hey, ryan.
I'm worried, man.
My last chance.
Just let me
help you.
Had a good night, mike.
Hey. What's up?
Max: Where.
Have you been?
I traced the license plate.
It was stolen.
Street cop found it
abandoned near
The lexington entrance
of grand central.
She's leaving town.
Not yet she's not.
What do you mean?
Where are you?
Sidewalk café
at 41st and pershing.
I'm staring
right at her.
Are you sure
he's coming?
Please stop
asking me that.
Well, he's late.
Is that him?
Joe.
Oh, thank god.
Oh, joe! Joe!
[sobbing]
Why? Why? Why? Why?
Why? How could you?
How could you?
Ohh!
I'm back, emma.
I'm back.
You shouldn't
be there.
Yeah, I know.
How far away are you?
A couple of blocks.
She's sitting
at a table, she's
reading a magazine.
She keeps
checking her watch.
She's waiting
for a train, ryan.
Let me arrest her.
I will detain her
until you get here.
Listen. I know I have
no right ask you this,
But please don't.
I'm almost there.
This is stupid, ryan.
This is dumb!
Yeah. It is.
It's stupid.
I'm almost there.
She's leaving.
Do not follow her!
Then hurry.
You're under arrest!
Stay down!
Back up! Nypd!
It's ok!
Unh!
Move, move!
You ok?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
She went in the station.
Go! Go!
You see her?
No.
I see her!
She's got to be
leaving the city.
That would put her
on 109-113.
Which one?
You go left,
I'll go right.
Aah! Unh!
[crack]
Whoa! Whoa!
Help me!
He's got a gun!
Hey! Get off of me!
No, no! No, no.
Don't let her get away!
I'm a federal agent!
Roadblocks,
aerial search
Spanning
the tristate area.
Have we heard back
from lily gray's attorneys?
Not yet.
Call them again.
Hey. Uh, it's me.
Listen. I know it's
my weekend,
But I just--I can't
pick up the kids.
Can you help me out?
You fought
for joint custody.
You said you wanted
to be a parent,
So be a parent.
You know the case
I'm working on.
Just tell me you can
pick up the kids.
Sure. I can do it.
I'm not on a case
Because you made me
give up the fbi.
It's convenient
for you, isn't it?
Please, jana.
Not now.
Work with me.
Fine.
Oh, my.
Hello, joe.
[cell phone rings]
Max, where are you?
I've been looking
all over for for you.
I'm on the train.
You're what?!
I have her in sight.